New readme for SphinxTheme css editing (#18)
kytos/sphinx-theme: docs/OURSPHINX-README.md

# Details of Kytos Sphinx Theme 

> Here you'll find some directions and tips about the Kytos Sphinx Theme customization, it  all can be done right after cloning or forking this repository.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here you'll find some directions and tips about the Kytos Sphinx Theme customization. It can all be done right after cloning or forking this repository.  
```

> First of all, the locale Sphinx Theme must be the source for build the documentation. To do it, run `python setup.py develop` in `../kytos/sphinx-theme` path.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First of all, your local `sphinx-theme` repository must be the source for building the documentation. To install it, run `python setup.py develop` in the root of this repository.
```

> ## CSS STYLE

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## CSS Style
```

To add some new CSS code, the file that should be edited is `kytos-sphinx.css_t`, and it can be found in this repository in `../kytos_sphinx_theme/kytos/static/` path. 

> Now the updates can be seen by using`make` in `../kytos/kytos/docs` path.

Reviewer: I think the whole content of this PR can and should be on the main `/README.md`.

Author: I added into another folder because the /README.md seemed to be general instructions about installing sphinx theme, but I'll move the content!
